moore comics
today we will talk about a classic of the
comics if we want to understand the future of
our heroes because we do not leaf through old
pages and enjoy stories
classic that we are sure that we
will love and what we will talk about today is
a good example so be prepared to
become an expert in comics that's why
that world comics of presenting crisis
infinite
but first that is infinite crisis is
a comic published in the form of a series
published by the comics editorial
from October 2005 to June
2006 the series was written by iu of jobs
and drawn by phil jiménez george pérez
Ivan Rice and Jerry Way while the
inks were in charge of angels link
read this that george pérez marked both
oakley to see and draw well the argument
it was a sequel to the crisis series in
infinite lands of the year 1985 the plot
is the next while land
is threatened by the one the three
great heroes of the world of lis and batman
Wonder woman and superman have their
own conflicts which will lead to
give up in their attempts to save the
planet that's why some heroes
forgotten will return to amend the
situation of the universe at any cost
and his life
of it some heroes will live other
they will die and the universe says it will not return to
be the same
Now that 's the highlight of
this comic
discover that super boy prime kidnapping a
john or marian manhunter besides that
destroyed the watchtower which led to super
boy prime to fight against super boy with
the kent and the young titans also got
add
jake berry and flash trying to catch
super boy prime and that's how they take him to
the super speed no longer holds and leaves
to run while flash disappears
quetglas is helped by varying max
mercury and johnny kick who
you will find yourself stuck in the super
speed but even with the sacrifice of
super boy with the game super boy prime
escapes until he is stopped by
superman and green lantern body
say to lock them in a prison near
of a sun that neutralizes those powers
although he does not care, he assures
that escaped from worst places one
would suppose that the whole plan to unite all
the worlds in one could only have been
originated by superman
and earth louis 2 together with super boy
The truth is that the person responsible for
everything was alexander mourning stone 3 that
will seek to recreate the multiverse said
by the way this alexander the bull was son
from the former land author 3 a world where
his father was the only hero and he has
a tragic outcome because he dies at the hands
of the only person he did not
part of his plans the joker the final
of the comic presents us with a clear target
Bruce Wayne talking about what they
wait now that the crisis is over
and now they see a different world where no
they need to worry so much about the
land because there are many heroes that
will also defend it so they can
take a small and well-deserved
holidays as a curious fact in the
introduction of the comic appear the
words of julie swartz that say well
every ten years is
Necessary to give an enema to the universe
clean up all the old stories and
make space for new stories full
of infinite odds
now this comic is not villains
they are all heroes in their own way
they found a way to save others and
Now that you know the details about
this comic you what do you think we see in the
next video greetings and blessings if
you liked this video dale like share it
and subscribe to this channel to see more
videos like this subscribe to cosmopolis
subscribe subscribe subscribe now
we have fanpage find us on facebook
like your cosmopolis before we left you
we invite you to subscribe to our others
YouTube channels that are archives
fear where we will tell you stories of
terror and the most frightening thing is that the
most are real world comics all
about the cosmopolis comics world
cinema the best of cinema anime maniacs
all about the world of anime and frame
antonio cortez blogs where you'll see a
behind the scenes of everything we do
behind cosmopolis but calm
continuous cosmopolis
we dedicate this video solís daniel ruiz and
manuel ferrer like a hans and samuel see
margin and equality 1987 mauro and vaticano
armageddon and especially half life 404
for being the first to comment on the video
earlier called things you did not know about
venezuela since without you cosmopolis
would not exist and observe how many reports
and I 'm adrián and this is cosmópolis
presents see you in the next video
porn if not before the world ends